---
layout: post
title: "Introduction"
title-prefix: "Weeks 1–2"
date: 2025-08-27 10:10:11 -0500
toc: true
---

We will begin the class by familiarizing you with some common musicological approaches to the study of musical instruments.

---

## Week 1

In our first class ({{site.wed01}}), we'll do some housekeeping—going through the syllabus, getting you acquainted with Teams and the course website, and introducing ourselves.

As part of your introduction, please plan to talk a bit about your primary instrument (voice is an instrument!), what other instruments you may play and in what contexts, and any other information that might be pertinent to your interest in this seminar topic.

I'll alsp make a brief presentation on a couple important readings {% cite theberge_musical_2017	bates_actor-network_2018 %}. I recognize some of you may not have time to do this reading before the first class, but you'll probably get more out of class if you do.

### Homework due {{site.sun01}}

1. Position your instrument (or any instrument) within an assemblage like the ones Thèberge {% cite theberge_musical_2017 -A %} describes. Describe the assemblage and make a visual diagram if possible. How does this exercise reshape your idea of what your instrument is?

    - Write ~500 words
    - Save as a **PDF**
    - prefix your filename with `01`
    - Upload to your `homework submit` folder.

2. Indicate which readings you are interested in leading discussion for. [View all the readings here](../bibliography), and [submit your choices here](https://forms.cloud.microsoft/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=VXKFnlffR0ygwAVGRgOAy-R6DEGoI95Pu0sh7qW5mvpUNVA1TFgwWUY2NTlRMVZaM1I0SzVSRkZPWS4u).

---

## Week 2

### Reading due {{site.wed02}}

-   {% reference tresch_toward_2013 %}
-   {% reference wright_picked_2024 %}

### Homework due {{site.sun02}}

Analyze an instrument's "ethics" as in Tresch and Dolan's article {% cite tresch_toward_2013 -A --locator 284 %}.

-   Write ~500 words.
-   Please save as a **PDF**
-   Prefix your filename with `02`
-   Upload to your `homework submit` folder.

## Bibliography

{% bibliography --cited %}
